you're not even
he's
Justin there's no way take it that's
unsafe Justin
I got it
hit him anyway
nice Yuri stop there it will awesome
beats down just up over years somewhere
did that ball come right in right yeah
it was a long time we were writing you
nothing and all sudden grant fathers
like like Tom pressure car there's a
buck over over here and it came right in
and I smoked it did it run up the hill
we saw it fall now we can see the white
belly you can see their belly the
grandfather was that pretty cool watch
it doesn't she's been yeah man what's
clock congratu congratulations blood
your first buck good morning mom we were
um yep we um we're sitting here for like
some time in an hour or so not seeing
anything then grant father is like dad
turn the camera over here and press
record it's a big eight and on it cut
right in front us and dad like Justin go
ahead and I'm like okay I'm ready I'm
going grant fun held it annum I shot it
and I'm it written right up the hill um
75 yards from us it's laying dead I'm
shaking like crazy
bye he is here heat a good year
Justin you gave me a great shot
took this headboard a little bit what do
you think did you think he gives a whack
one right away it's got really nice brow
tines what do you think of your first
book this is what happens when you're
hunting / monster